Add Beats 9.3.1 release notes (#48975)
elastic/beats: docs/release-notes/_snippets/9.3.1/index.md

## 9.3.1 [beats-release-notes-9.3.1]

### Features and enhancements [beats-9.3.1-features-enhancements]

**Filebeat**

* Azure-eventhub-managed-identity. [#48655](https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/48655) [#48680](https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/48680)
* Improve log path sanitization for request trace logging. [#48719](https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/48719) 
* Add descriptions and units to CEL input OpenTelemetry metrics. [#48684](https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/48684) 
* Don&#39;t print warning about small files on each file system scan. [#48704](https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/48704) [#45642](https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/45642)
* Allow configuration of OTLP histogram aggregation via OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_METRICS_DEFAULT_HISTOGRAM_AGGREGATION environment variable in CEL input. [#48731](https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/48731) [#48730](https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/48730)
* Tighten request trace logging destination path checks in CEL, Entity Analytics, HTTP Endpoint and HTTP JSON inputs. [#48863](https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/48863) 

### Fixes [beats-9.3.1-fixes]

**All**

> * Translate_ldap_attribute discovery tries both LDAP and LDAPS per host, LDAPS first. [#48818](https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/48818) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updates the `translate_ldap_attribute` processor discovery to try both LDAP and LDAPS per host, starting with LDAPS. [#48818](https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/48818) 
```
